README.md, before:

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-around; align-items: center;">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/transition-zero/tza-google-cfe/blob/refactor-for-tz-pypsa/img/logo.png">
    <img alt="TransitionZero Logo" width="800 px" src="https://github.com/transition-zero/tza-google-cfe/blob/refactor-for-tz-pypsa/img/logo.png">
  </picture>
</div>

<!-- height="50px" width="300px" -->

# System-level impacts of 24/7 Carbon Free Energy (CFE) in Asia


<!-- badges-begin -->

![Python][python badge]
![Status][status badge]

[python badge]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Lkruitwagen/bd1e357c1bce5fc2c0808bcdb569157c/raw/python_version_badge.json

[status badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/under%20construction-ffae00

<!-- badges-end -->

## Background

## Our study

### Scope

1. India
2. Japan
3. Taiwan
4. Malaysia
5. Singapore

### Methodology

## Reproducing this work

### Getting started

### Running a scenario

## Contributors

### TransitionZero Team

- [Aman Majid](https://www.transitionzero.org/team/aman-majid)
- [Abhishek Shivakumar](https://www.transitionzero.org/team/abhishek-shivakumar)

### External Advisors

### Want to use, develop or support this project?
We strongly welcome anyone interested in collaborating on this or future related projects. If you have any ideas, suggestions or encounter problems, feel invited to file issues or make pull requests on GitHub. To discuss ideas for the project, please contact [@Abhishek Shivakumar](mailto:abhishek@transitionzero.org).

## Licence

<!-- - [Handriyanti Diah Puspitarini](https://www.transitionzero.org/team/handriyanti-diah-puspitarini)
- [Dan Welsby](https://github.com/djwels) -->

<!-- - Clone this repository
- Setup your python environment:

```
conda env create --name cfe --file environment.yml
```

- Work your way through the [notebooks](https://github.com/amanmajid/google_cfe/tree/main/notebooks)

## TODO:

 - **Expand model functionality:**
    - [ ] Implement cost functions
    - [ ] Implement renewable potentials
    - [ ] Introduce unit commitment

 - **Updates/improvements:**
    - [ ] Update to TZ renewables profiles
    - [ ] Update system input data to pull from FEO api -->

Commit message:

add links to similar works

README.md, after:

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-around; align-items: center;">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/transition-zero/tza-google-cfe/blob/refactor-for-tz-pypsa/img/logo.png">
    <img alt="TransitionZero Logo" width="800 px" src="https://github.com/transition-zero/tza-google-cfe/blob/refactor-for-tz-pypsa/img/logo.png">
  </picture>
</div>

<!-- height="50px" width="300px" -->

# System-level impacts of 24/7 Carbon Free Energy (CFE) in Asia


<!-- badges-begin -->

![Python][python badge]
![Status][status badge]

[python badge]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Lkruitwagen/bd1e357c1bce5fc2c0808bcdb569157c/raw/python_version_badge.json

[status badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/under%20construction-ffae00

<!-- badges-end -->

## Background

## Our study

### Scope

1. India
2. Japan
3. Taiwan
4. Malaysia
5. Singapore

### Methodology

## Reproducing this work

### Getting started

### Running a scenario

## Contributors

### TransitionZero Team

- [Aman Majid](https://www.transitionzero.org/team/aman-majid)
- [Abhishek Shivakumar](https://www.transitionzero.org/team/abhishek-shivakumar)

### External Advisors

### Want to use, develop or support this project?
We strongly welcome anyone interested in collaborating on this or future related projects. If you have any ideas, suggestions or encounter problems, feel invited to file issues or make pull requests on GitHub. To discuss ideas for the project, please contact [@Abhishek Shivakumar](mailto:abhishek@transitionzero.org).

## Similar works
We relied on several excellent previous analyses to do this work. In particular, we were influenced by: 

- Riepin and Brown (2024) On the means, costs, and system-level impacts of 24/7 carbon-free energy procurement. [doi.org/10.1016/j.esr.2024.101488](doi.org/10.1016/j.esr.2024.101488).
- TU Berlin's study of 24/7 Carbon-Free Energy procurement in Europe ([link](https://github.com/PyPSA/247-cfe)).
- The Zero Lab's (Princeton University) analysis of electricity System and market impacts of time-based attribute trading and 24/7 carbon-free electricity procurement in the USA ([link](https://acee.princeton.edu/24-7/))


## Licence

<!-- - [Handriyanti Diah Puspitarini](https://www.transitionzero.org/team/handriyanti-diah-puspitarini)
- [Dan Welsby](https://github.com/djwels) -->

<!-- - Clone this repository
- Setup your python environment:

```
conda env create --name cfe --file environment.yml
```

- Work your way through the [notebooks](https://github.com/amanmajid/google_cfe/tree/main/notebooks)

## TODO:

 - **Expand model functionality:**
    - [ ] Implement cost functions
    - [ ] Implement renewable potentials
    - [ ] Introduce unit commitment

 - **Updates/improvements:**
    - [ ] Update to TZ renewables profiles
    - [ ] Update system input data to pull from FEO api -->
